q4 error tracking goals (#12902)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/teams/error-tracking/objectives.mdx

### Q4 2025 Objectives

#### Go all in on AI (Driver: <TeamMember name="David Newell" />)
* Implement issue autofixing

>   * Integrate with Tasks product for in-app experience

Author: ```suggestion
  * In-app flow where an issue can be assigned to Max
```

  * Build terminal based experience within the CLI
    * Add issue selection to MCP (e.g. by file, most impactful)
    * Stretch: Add test writing agent to prevent regressions
* Add exception capture auto instrumentation to the wizard
* Integrations to capture exceptions for popular LLM / agent tools (e.g. Langchain)

#### Ship mobile error tracking (Driver: <TeamMember name="Manoel Aranda Neto" />)

> * [Sequencing TBD]

Author: ```suggestion
* Complete 'straightforward' section of the [megaissue](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/issues/38845)
```

> #### Ship mobile error tracking (Drivers: <TeamMember name="Oliver Browne" />, <TeamMember name="Manoel Aranda Neto" />)

Author: ```suggestion
#### Ship mobile error tracking (Driver: <TeamMember name="Manoel Aranda Neto" />)
```

* Support suppression rules
* Add suppression of minified exceptions before cymbal processing
* Build dashboard template including crash free sessions / users metric

#### Research deep dive on customers (Driver: <TeamMember name="Cory Slater" />)
* Interview existing, potential, and recently churned customers to understand:
  * What makes people switch from competitors and what pulls them back?
  * What value would convince customers to remove billing limits?
  * How do AI-first companies handle errors differently?
  * What context would let customers skip steps in their workflow? 
  * What drives month to month swings in spend vs contraction?
* Every engineer to attend at least 2 customer interviews

#### Increase trust in product (Driver: <TeamMember name="Hugues Pouillot" />)
* Improve issue grouping
  * Introduce a measure of grouping accuracy to base changes off
  * Add fingerprint versioning to avoid duplicate issues when iterating

>   * Fix obvious mis-groupings based on minor stack trace variances

Author: ```suggestion
  * Fix obvious mis-groupings based on minor stack trace variances
  * Ship embeddings to support merge suggestions
```

> * RFC for moving issues into ClickHouse to avoid dual DB querying

Author: ```suggestion
* Decide with Team ClickHouse on approach to avoid dual DB querying
```

* Reduce the number of stacktrace-less issues
* Give better context when a recording is not found / source maps missing
* Rethink UI / UX of issue page

#### Improving context on issues  (Driver: <TeamMember name="Aleksander Błaszkiewicz" />)
* Add breakdowns to issues (by release / person_id)
* Show first affected release & relevant commit
  * Stretch: Auto assign to commit author
* Level up Node SDK (add contexts & tagging, $session_id propagation)
* Integrate logs into session timeline
* Capture code variables in Python

> #### Billing, spikes and alerts (Driver: <TeamMember name="Oliver Browne" />)

Reviewer: Sounds good!

> #### Billing, spikes and alerts (Driver: <TeamMember name="Oliver Browne" />)

Author: ```suggestion
#### Stretch: Billing, spikes and alerts (Driver: <TeamMember name="Oliver Browne" />)
```

> * **Email** alerts for total exceptions ingested volume spikes

Author: ```suggestion
(Note: this goal largely depends on the capacity Olly has outside of mobile error tracking, which takes precedence)
* **Email** alerts for total exceptions ingested volume spikes
```

### Q4 2025 Objectives

#### Go all in on AI (Driver: <TeamMember name="David Newell" />)
* Implement issue autofixing
  * Integrate with Tasks product for in-app experience
  * Build terminal based experience within the CLI
    * Add issue selection to MCP (e.g. by file, most impactful)

>     * Test generation to prevent regressions

Author: ```suggestion
    * Stretch: Add test writing agent to prevent regressions
```

* Add exception capture auto instrumentation to the wizard
* Integrations to capture exceptions for popular LLM / agent tools (e.g. Langchain)

> #### Ship mobile error tracking

Author: ```suggestion
#### Ship mobile error tracking  (Drivers: <TeamMember name="Oliver Browne" />, <TeamMember name="Manoel Aranda Neto" />)
```

> #### Ship mobile error tracking (Drivers: <TeamMember name="Oliver Browne" />, <TeamMember name="Manoel Aranda Neto" />)

Author: @oliverb123 do you think your involvement here is a full quarters worth?

> * [Sequencing TBD]

Author: Previous discussion in https://github.com/PostHog/posthog.com/pull/12006#discussion_r2173159400

Reviewer 2: we can define this once @ioannisj is back, then Olly Ioannis and I will sit and update this so we dont block this PR

> * Support suppression rules via remote config

Reviewer 2: Not sure we should focus on this because stacktraces are minified on the client side (client wont symbolicate cus client does not have the symbols)

> Add suppression of minified exceptions before cymbal processing

this should be the way to go, and we can come up with other solutions if its expensive for us to process and drop  server side
the client side should be a before send callback

* Add suppression of minified exceptions before cymbal processing
* Build dashboard template including crash free sessions / users

> #### Research deep dive on customers <TeamMember name="Cory Slater" />

Author: ```suggestion
#### Research deep dive on customers (Driver: <TeamMember name="Cory Slater" />)
```

* Understand push & pull factors with competitors
* Understand the impression and usage of error tracking tools / workflows at AI-first companies
* Decide whether customers see LLM issues as exceptions
* Understand spend / contraction of existing customers

> * Every engineer to attend at least 2 customer interviews

Reviewer 3: Small tweak but I'd phrase these as questions

```
* Interview existing, potential, and recently churned customers to understand:
  * What makes people switch from competitors and what pulls them back?
  * What value would convince customers to remove billing limits?
  * How do AI-first companies handle errors differently?
  * What context would let customers skip steps in their workflow? 
  * What drives month to month swings in spend vs contraction?
* Every engineer to attend at least 2 customer interviews
```

I'll cover this in the RFC but as context ```How do AI-first companies handle errors differently?``` breaks down into:
* How do they think about and handle llm/agent failures / are LLM issues viewed as exceptions?
* What's the hierarchy of problems they care about?
* Which AI frameworks and tools create the most debugging pain?
* Who owns fixing LLM errors: engineering or ML/product?

#### Increase trust in product (Driver: <TeamMember name="Hugues Pouillot" />)
* Improve issue grouping
  * Introduce a measure of grouping accuracy to base changes off
  * Add fingerprint versioning to avoid duplicate issues when iterating
  * Fix obvious mis-groupings based on minor stack trace variances
* RFC for moving issues into ClickHouse to avoid dual DB querying

> * Reduce the number of stacktrace-less issues

Reviewer 2: is that client side work? you can always infer the stack trace from the current thread if the exception does not have one, but synthetic stack traces tend not to be great, even worse for grouping since they are generated at a point in time
the stack trace should be marked as synthetic (UI should highlight that) so the user will be more suspicious about it

Author: Yeah, we do rely on synthetic exceptions but sometimes there are other reasons we don't show a stacktrace e.g. no frames resolved. Hugues had some great examples in the planning doc

> * Give better context when a recording is not found / source maps missing

Author: ```suggestion
* Give better context when a recording is not found / source maps missing
* Rethink UI / UX of issue page
```

#### Improving context on issues  (Driver: <TeamMember name="Aleksander Błaszkiewicz" />)
* Add breakdowns to issues (by release / person_id)
* Show first affected release & relevant commit
  * Stretch: Auto assign to commit author
* Level up Node SDK (add contexts & tagging, $session_id propagation)
* Integrate logs into session timeline
* Capture code variables in Python

> #### Better controls for capturing relevant issues

Reviewer: Half of this feels like `Tracking (or managing) spikes in usage` tbh (adaptive sampling, billing limits in onboarding). The `Tracking spikes in usage` goal also feels under-written (what does "Issues affecting more users" mean?). I'd consolidate it as:
```
### Billing, spikes and alerts
* Automatic **email** alerts for total ingested volume spikes (total exceptions across all issues)
* Add a billing limit as part of onboarding
* Threshold based alerting (per-issue, based on product analytics insight alerts) configuration in onboarding as part of the alerting onboarding. Must support "X occurrences per Y duration". Stretch to support "X affected users per Y duration".
* Issue time-based snoozing (close the issue, drop all exceptions for X hours/days, re-open the issue if seen after that period)
* Fixed issue sampling (manually configured, drop X% of exceptions for this issue).
* Adaptive sampling (stretch, maybe, probably requires billing help)
```

Re: whether to drop the "simplify setup", I think a lot of the goals above mean work on the configuration UX, and we can fold that work into the feature work too.

Reviewer 3: I think this consolidation makes sense, as spikes + controls seem inherently related.

Author: > what does "Issues affecting more users" mean?

Sorry, that could have been clearer. It's another variation of snoozing where people want to be notified if more people are affected by a single issue

I largely agree with the reframing so will consolidate it down into one goal. I'm conscious of just lumping two goals together and saying it's less work but will mark some of the items as stretch so it's clear we don't expect to achieve everything within the sub goals within a quarter

* Advanced snoozing (e.g. notify me if 100 more users affected)
* Adaptive sampling configuration
* Add billing limits to onboarding
* Setup threshold based alerting / management (e.g. stop capturing spiking issues)

#### Tracking spikes in usage
* billing, threshold based alerting
* update onboarding with more controls
* Alert me if I get more than 1000 issues in an hour
* Issues affecting more users

#### Simplify setup
- Rethink UI / UX of issue page

> - Simplify alerting / grouping / assignment

Author: We already have 5 meaty goals without these (that's 2 more than last time). I really think we have capacity for at most one of these goals. Totally happy if people want to remove parts of the above goals in favour of specific points from these but these felt less important than the first 5 goals

Reviewer 4: Do we have something like side-goals noted somewhere?

Reviewer 2: The goals should be challenging but feasible. So, if we know in advance that we don't have the capacity and aren't planning to hire, we should remove them.
Usually I keep an extra goal as a stretch goal, that is somewhat achievable as well, but not a must

Reviewer 4: I saw one client pointing out that he loves Sentry's tidy layout (compared to ours) and I remember @daibhin mentioning that we should do something there. Maybe this is also worth including as a stretch goal?

Author: > feels like the 'Tracking spikes in usage' is important since i've heard a couple of times we spend quite some time refunding non-intentional spikes

Fair, point. It's probably less important than it was because we've actually implemented a lot of what we needed to prevent the runaway bills e.g. burst protection

I think we'll fold the most important sub points from each of these goals into some of those above
